## Preprocessing steps for raw EEG data obtained.

EEGLab software [1] was used. The data was already in EEGLab format.

Preprocessing was done in the following manner using the eeglab software in MATLAB:
	(a) Remove any channels in excess of the required 19 electrodes, which are common across all subjects
	(b) Downsample the data to 250 Hz if the original sampling rate is 1000 Hz (by taking every 4th sample)
	(c) Take the first 10 minutes of recording for the first visits of the subjects (as these are much 
	    longer than 10 mins; patients were given luminescence after 10 mins). For the second visits of the 
	    subjects, recordings are already around 10 mins and whole can be used. Remove the first and last 
	    30s of data from this (as these will contain more artifacts). After subject no. 288, the recordings
		of the second visit were longer, these were also taken up to first 10 minutes.
	(d) Set EEG recordings to average reference
	(e) Bandpass filter the data, 1-40 Hz
	(f) Use 'clean_windows' function in eeglab to remove segments of data with artifacts. 
		This function cuts segments from the data which contain high-power artifacts. Specifically,
		only windows are retained which have less than a certain fraction of "bad" channels, where a channel
		is bad in a window if its power is above or below a given upper/lower threshold (in standard 
		deviations from a robust estimate of the EEG power distribution in the channel).
		Parameters are set such that the maximum number of bad channels allowed is 0.2 times the total no. of
		channels present in the data. Window length is set to 2s (such that every 2s of data is continuous). 
		Other parameters are set to default.

Code:
Run Main_preprocessing.m to process the data of all subjects.
Rest of the scripts in the folder are functions.

References:

[1] Delorme, A., & Makeig, S. (2004). EEGLAB: an open source toolbox for analysis of single-trial EEG dynamics including independent component analysis. Journal of neuroscience methods, 134(1), 9-21.
